What's the matter with you
How did the planned thing turn out like this?
We have won the attractive Mr. Ma Yun
Long Yingwei must have never seen the dragon enemy treason
Check it out for me
It was Long who thought the owner Si Jingchen passed on the king's desire
Chensi Jingchen received the order
I always think that the god of war, Si Jingchen, hurts the country
Caused my country's three treasures to recite poetry in the midst of war
The three treasures of Zhenguo are the holy relics of my country
It's about life and death
But my country abandoned the rhyme and let Xiyi snatch it 30 years ago
Before the late emperor went through a difficult journey
You lost your treasures during the war
I think you have a good reputation for design
I'm giving you a three-year tour
Please tell the emperor
From now on, if Jiu Chen can't find the treasure
No traitor found
Never return to the dragon
Lieutenant
Lord Ares take care
Farewell to the official
Sir, do you really want to leave Long Youbit?
Are you searching for treasures alone?
Within three years
If you can't find the treasure
No traitor found
I will never come back
Don't worry adults
If I find the traitor
Must be the Earth Spirit Pond
The waiter must honor me in the past three years
I can get it.
Yes
Si Jingchen has left the Lou Shenxuan operation
Start now
Hahaha